Peer-graded Assignment: Submit Your Project : 
--------------------------------------------------
To complete this assignment, you will submit the code you’ve been working on in previous activities. In earlier activities, you have created, debugged, and enhanced components for the EventEase app using Microsoft Copilot. This project combines all these activities into a comprehensive submission for review and feedback. 

 There are a total of 30 points for this project:

(5 pts) Did you create a GitHub repository for your project?

(5 pts) Did you use Copilot to generate the foundational Event Card component with fields and two-way data binding?

(5 pts) Did you implement and debug routing functionality?

(5 pts) Did you optimize the app for performance, addressing issues like input validation and routing errors?

(5 pts) Did you implement advanced features, such as a Registration Form with validation, state management for user sessions, and an Attendance Tracker?

(5pts) Did you include a brief summary of how Copilot assisted in each step of the development process?

Step 1: Make sure previous project parts are complete
Ensure you have completed the following activities. As a reminder, here are the links for those assignments:

Activity 1: 
Using Microsoft Copilot to Generate Blazor Code

Activity 2: 
Using Microsoft Copilot for Debugging and Optimization

Activity 3: 
Develop a Comprehensive Blazor Project with Microsoft Copilot

Step 2: Deploy your project to a GitHub repository
To simplify the review process, create a GitHub repository for your project. This should be a public repository so others can access and review your code. Refer to the 
Quickstart for repositories help page
 for the most up-to-date instructions for creating a repository for your code. The general steps are:

Sign in to your GitHub account.

Create a new repository.

In the upper-right corner of any page, click the “plus” icon, then click New repository.

Upload your files and commit your changes. For your initial commit, you can use the message “Initial commit.”

Copy the URL of your repository for submission.

Step 3: Submit your project for review
Submit the GitHub URL for your project. This will allow your peers to review and provide feedback.